README.md, before:

Splintr
=======
Splintr is a middleware for Magento built with a MEAN stack, which provides a stand-alone admin inteface for common tasks not easily achieved with Magento such as drag and drop category product ordering, adding rich CMS content to Magento catgeories as well as stand alone CMS pages/content and building a front end with Express Views and concise templating language for rapid theme development using modern techniques. It is inspired by Gemgento and Madison-Reed.com.

##Important 
For more information, please visit meanjs.org. 

Run 
```
$ sudo npm install 
```
everything pull down a request. 
Then , access the following links to retrieve required data from Magento. 
1. /magento/sync/store
2. /customergroup/sync
3. /magento/sync/category
4. /magento/sync/product

Note: It should be enough to run Splintr for now. 


## Getting Started With MEAN.JS
You have your application running but there are a lot of stuff to understand, we recommend you'll go over the [Offical Documentation](http://meanjs.org/docs.html). 
In the docs we'll try to explain both general concepts of MEAN components and give you some guidelines to help you improve your development procees. We tried covering as many aspects as possible, and will keep update it by your request, you can also help us develop the documentation better by checking out the *gh-pages* branch of this repository.

## Before You Begin 
Before you begin we recommend you read about the basic building blocks that assemble a MEAN.JS application: 
* MongoDB - Go through [MongoDB Official Website](http://mongodb.org/) and proceed to their [Official Manual](http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/), which should help you understand NoSQL and MongoDB better.
* Express - The best way to understand express is through its [Official Website](http://expressjs.com/), particularly [The Express Guide](http://expressjs.com/guide.html); you can also go through this [StackOverflow Thread](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8144214/learning-express-for-node-js) for more resources.
* AngularJS - Angular's [Official Website](http://angularjs.org/) is a great starting point. You can also use [Thinkster Popular Guide](http://www.thinkster.io/), and the [Egghead Videos](https://egghead.io/).
* Node.js - Start by going through [Node.js Official Website](http://nodejs.org/) and this [StackOverflow Thread](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2353818/how-do-i-get-started-with-node-js), which should get you going with the Node.js platform in no time.


## Prerequisites
Make sure you have installed all these prerequisites on your development machine.
* Node.js - [Download & Install Node.js](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) and the npm package manager, if you encounter any problems, you can also use this [Github Gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) to install Node.js.
* MongoDB - [Download & Install MongoDB](http://www.mongodb.org/downloads), and make sure it's running on the default port (27017).
* Bower - You're going to use the [Bower Package Manager](http://bower.io/) to manage your front-end packages, in order to install it make sure you've installed Node.js and npm, then install bower globally using npm:

```
$ npm install -g bower
```

* Grunt - You're going to use the [Grunt Task Runner](http://gruntjs.com/) to automate your development process, in order to install it make sure you've installed Node.js and npm, then install grunt globally using npm:

```
$ sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
```

The first thing you should do is install the Node.js dependencies. The boilerplate comes pre-bundled with a package.json file that contains the list of modules you need to start your application, to learn more about the modules installed visit the NPM & Package.json section.

To install Node.js dependencies you're going to use npm again, in the application folder run this in the command-line:

```
$ npm install
```

This command does a few things:
* First it will install the dependencies needed for the application to run.
* If you're running in a development environment, it will then also install development dependencies needed for testing and running your application.
* Finally, when the install process is over, npm will initiate a bower installcommand to install all the front-end modules needed for the application

## Running Your Application
After the install process is over, you'll be able to run your application using Grunt, just run grunt default task:

```
$ grunt
```

Your application should run on the 3000 port so in your browser just go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
                            
That's it! your application should be running by now, to proceed with your development check the other sections in this documentation. 
If you encounter any problem try the Troubleshooting section.


## Routing (Temporary)
localhost /magento/product - to synchronize the product including its attributes, attributes media, and ties price 
localhost /magento/product - to synchronize the category 
localhost /magento/product/all - to retrieve all product in JSONP

## Credits 
Created and maintained By Black and Black Creative.

Commit message:

- debugged the cart controller - added a new cart page

README.md, after:

Splintr
=======
Splintr is a middleware for Magento built with a MEAN stack, which provides a stand-alone admin inteface for common tasks not easily achieved with Magento such as drag and drop category product ordering, adding rich CMS content to Magento catgeories as well as stand alone CMS pages/content and building a front end with Express Views and concise templating language for rapid theme development using modern techniques. It is inspired by Gemgento and Madison-Reed.com.

##Important 
For more information, please visit meanjs.org. 

In Magento API, we need to add addresses to cart in order to get product price. 
However, it is a hack. 


Run 
```
$ sudo npm install 
```
everything pull down a request. 
Then , access the following links to retrieve required data from Magento. 
1. /magento/sync/store
2. /customergroup/sync
3. /magento/sync/category
4. /magento/sync/product

Note: It should be enough to run Splintr for now. 


## Getting Started With MEAN.JS
You have your application running but there are a lot of stuff to understand, we recommend you'll go over the [Offical Documentation](http://meanjs.org/docs.html). 
In the docs we'll try to explain both general concepts of MEAN components and give you some guidelines to help you improve your development procees. We tried covering as many aspects as possible, and will keep update it by your request, you can also help us develop the documentation better by checking out the *gh-pages* branch of this repository.

## Before You Begin 
Before you begin we recommend you read about the basic building blocks that assemble a MEAN.JS application: 
* MongoDB - Go through [MongoDB Official Website](http://mongodb.org/) and proceed to their [Official Manual](http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/), which should help you understand NoSQL and MongoDB better.
* Express - The best way to understand express is through its [Official Website](http://expressjs.com/), particularly [The Express Guide](http://expressjs.com/guide.html); you can also go through this [StackOverflow Thread](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8144214/learning-express-for-node-js) for more resources.
* AngularJS - Angular's [Official Website](http://angularjs.org/) is a great starting point. You can also use [Thinkster Popular Guide](http://www.thinkster.io/), and the [Egghead Videos](https://egghead.io/).
* Node.js - Start by going through [Node.js Official Website](http://nodejs.org/) and this [StackOverflow Thread](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2353818/how-do-i-get-started-with-node-js), which should get you going with the Node.js platform in no time.


## Prerequisites
Make sure you have installed all these prerequisites on your development machine.
* Node.js - [Download & Install Node.js](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) and the npm package manager, if you encounter any problems, you can also use this [Github Gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) to install Node.js.
* MongoDB - [Download & Install MongoDB](http://www.mongodb.org/downloads), and make sure it's running on the default port (27017).
* Bower - You're going to use the [Bower Package Manager](http://bower.io/) to manage your front-end packages, in order to install it make sure you've installed Node.js and npm, then install bower globally using npm:

```
$ npm install -g bower
```

* Grunt - You're going to use the [Grunt Task Runner](http://gruntjs.com/) to automate your development process, in order to install it make sure you've installed Node.js and npm, then install grunt globally using npm:

```
$ sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
```

The first thing you should do is install the Node.js dependencies. The boilerplate comes pre-bundled with a package.json file that contains the list of modules you need to start your application, to learn more about the modules installed visit the NPM & Package.json section.

To install Node.js dependencies you're going to use npm again, in the application folder run this in the command-line:

```
$ npm install
```

This command does a few things:
* First it will install the dependencies needed for the application to run.
* If you're running in a development environment, it will then also install development dependencies needed for testing and running your application.
* Finally, when the install process is over, npm will initiate a bower installcommand to install all the front-end modules needed for the application

## Running Your Application
After the install process is over, you'll be able to run your application using Grunt, just run grunt default task:

```
$ grunt
```

Your application should run on the 3000 port so in your browser just go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
                            
That's it! your application should be running by now, to proceed with your development check the other sections in this documentation. 
If you encounter any problem try the Troubleshooting section.


## Routing (Temporary)
localhost /magento/product - to synchronize the product including its attributes, attributes media, and ties price 
localhost /magento/product - to synchronize the category 
localhost /magento/product/all - to retrieve all product in JSONP

## Credits 
Created and maintained By Black and Black Creative.
